32 LA T ΙΝ.

Colleqe Latin Series,

ODES AND EPODES OF HORACE.

Editcd by Professor CHARLES E. BENNETT, of Cornell University.
12mo, eloth, 464 pagos. Price, 5140.

SATIRES AND EPISTLES OF HORACE.

Edited by Professor JOHN C. ROLFE, of the University of Michigan.
12m0, eloth, 458 pages. Price, 3140.

COMPLETE WORKS OF HORACE.

Edited by Professors BENNETr and ROLFE. 12m0‚ eloth, 922 pages.
Price, 3200.

In these volumes each poem is preceded by 3 careful analysis
giving in 3 line or two all necessary information regarding the
subject, date, and metre. Each volume is prefaced by a scholarly
discussion of the life and work of Horace, his metres, and lan-
guage. The commentary is concise, accurate, and eminently
judicious, in all cases telling the student 311 he needs to know,
and never telling him more than he needs, or more than he will
understand and appreciate.

THE DIALOGUS OF TACITUS.

With an Introduction and Notes by Professor ALFRED GUDEMAN,
12mo, eloth, 201 pages. Price, 3190.

THE AGRICOLA OF TACITUS.

With an Introduction and Notes by Professor ALFRED GUDEMAN.
12rno, eloth, 198 pages. Price, ὶ8100.

THE AGRICOLA AND GERMANIA OF TACITUS.

With Maps, Introduction, and Notes, by Professor ALFRED GUDE-
MAN. 12m0, eloth, 366 pages. Price, 3140.

In the Dialogus is a scholarly discussion of the authorship of
the treatise. The Introduction of the Agricola covers the “Life
and Writings of Tacitus,'’ “ The Literary Character-Qhe Agric-
ola,⁷’ and “The Style and Rhetoric of Tacitus.'’ This introduc-
tion is reprinted 'in the Agricola and Germania, which contains
also 311 introduction to the Germania, and two valuable maps,
one of the British Isles, for the Agricola, and the other of Europe,
with both ancient and modern names, for the Germania.

